hello this is trickle to saying is this
nathan kress we're just in a posture
seriously who would get Nathan cuz
queued up in victorious did he come from
I party from victorious or is it just a
Jane let's get a closer look
Nathan class all by himself
besides Lane the guidance counselor but
why is nathan kress victorious who was
the one who cleared him up Dan Schneider
would they just want to be in it who
knows the nathan gut says we know why
he's turning into he wants to be in
victorious but he's on iCarly
i think he cannot take it what does this
mean this is history
we're just an imposter let's find out
the toy yes
you see did you see naked class or is it
just an impostor who won't know the
place fine I will too and I pilot
victorious
now Nathan class or an impostor
you see he looks mad besides Blaine and
he blames Freddie off of Victorious who
will blame it impostor or will real
Nathan class spotted in Victoria's what
see
is he gonna be in another episode we're
just an impulsive